Described double authorization code usage attack and mitigation (#99)
danielfett/draft-dpop: main.md

some replicas may temporarily not yet have the information needed to prevent replay.
DPoP binding of the authorization code solves these problems.

> If there can be more than one successful token request with an authorization code,
> even if PKCE is used, all it takes is the `code_challenge` and the authorization code
> sitting around somewhere in accessible memory
> and an XSS attacker can exfiltrate them and use them on his own device,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an authorization server does not (or cannot) strictly enforce the single-use limitation for authorization codes, and an attacker can access the authorization code (and, if PKCE is used, the `code_verifier`), the attacker can create a forged token request, 
```

binding the resulting token to an attacker-controlled key.
Use of the `dpop_jkt` parameter prevents this attack.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, using cross-site scripting, attackers can often get access to the authorization code and PKCE parameters.

```
